---
layout: post
title: November 21 progress
---

Progress in the past few days have been going on slowly because we are busy with other assignments due before thanksgiving but we will do whatever we can and work during the holiday.

Today, we started doing a few things we planned on yesterday. Edmond went to laser cut motor hub caps of various sizes to get the tightest possible fit. We created motor hub cap models on solidworks with varies lengths of the arc and chord that connected the arc. Yesterday Luis did this but he choose sizes of 0.0960, 0.0958, and 0.0956 inches (arc radius) and all of which were still too big to wiggle when attached onto the motor. Edmond went from 0.0954, 0.0950, 0.0945, 0.0942, 0.0940, and 0.0952 inches. Upon inserting them in he found 0.0954 fit easily while 0.0950 inches is tight enough for our requirements to secure the wheel, it took quite a lot of effort to take them off. We glued the caps to the wheel and when we tried to take them off we took off just the wheel instead!

We also created more holes on our perfboard base level. To adhere to the power switch requirement for min-spec, we decided to create a square hole the size of the smaller rectangular prism of the rocker switch. This way when we insert it through the hole from the top it would fit snuggly, then we can unscrew the standoffs on the Uno to solder the other end to the power switch pins after soldering wires in. We also made holes to screw in our perfboards but we held off on printing it in MDF to make sure this is what we want to do. 

We met up with the professor to discuss one of our team members who have not been in lab nearly as much as he needs to be. The professor spoke fairly tersely, that when the team is in lab, then he is in lab as well. But at the same time we don't want to make him feel useless or bored. A couple of effective ways to fix this is to do coding together, either he is the driver and is doing what he is told, or he is the observer who looks over what the other is doing.