---
layout: post
title: Progress for November 22
---

<p>From Edmond: <br/> 
Today we just walked on tape sensor placement and prototyping. First we edited our solidworks model of the motor holders in order to make sure they don't interfere with the rod support holes. We also editted our sensor base to shortened the distance between the two motor holders on the left and right halves of the base. That meant the side panels that supported them are no longer needed and now space is freed up for tape sensor placement. We then created a new assembly to make sure the motor holders and the sensor base mated corrected. We laser printed foamcore and MDF models of the assembly parts and found this setup will have to work because it was a tight fit for the motors and the motor holders and hopefully we didn't mess up the wires.</p>

<p>Later that night Jake placed and taped the tape sensors to secure them in place. He warned us that wires connected to the regulators may get undone and that the tape sensors may get interfered when the motors are run but we close to a point where we can test this.</p><br />

<p>From Luis: <br />

The goal for the day was to get tape sensors mounted. We believe we built a piece that would to get fit just right. To improve our design we also printed an updated version of the bases to allow for better wiring. <br />

Although I believe that we had trouble mounting everything last night and are low on space, We will work again today to get this right and everything mounted in a final spot and can focus on software after today. <br />

Part of the team was working on contructing the bot. I spent time altering the state machine so the robot can wall follow once we get everything mounted. 
My current state machine operates as follows: <br />

<ol>
	<li>FFHSM--top level</li>
	<li>3 sub levels -- FindingAmmoSubHSM,FindingEnemySubHSM,FindingPortalSubHSM</li>
	<li>in FFSM send initially to FindinAmmoSubHSM</li>
	<li>Currently only have code in FindingAmmoSubHSM. and is the follwoing</li>
	<li>two events: BUMP, TAPE_EVENT</li>
	<li>States: ActivelySeaching: WallRideLeft: SlightRight: SlightLeft: Get_T: EvadeBump:</li>
	<li>in SubHSM, everytime tape values changes i test if it is a certain combination of tape sensors and send it through states, as the tape sensors dictate.</li>
</ol>
</p>

