---
layout: post
title: Progress for November 24
---

<p>
Over the past two days we finally took the steps necessary to integrate most of our robot except for our launcher funnel and beacon holder to start focusing on just the HSM. Yesterday, we mounted our tape sensors and determined the new hysteresis values. Most of the tape sensors had similar hysteresis values. At first we had a lot of trouble figuring out why two tape sensors would have the same behaviour, we can place one of them over white and the other over black and both would be outputting its high voltage or both would output its low voltage. We resolved this problem by ensuring each sensor was plugged in to its own IO port and not to ground, our ribbon cables are not labelled which lead to this confusion. </p> <br /> <br />

<p>
To resolve our mess of wires, we decided on another iteration of our robot assembly, this time to expand the sensor base to place the perfboards closer to the tape sensors, thus allowing their wires to be much shorter. We spent the day mostly designing the new bases, printing them, and assemblying the robot to ensure we are heading in the right direction. Expanding the base also meant eliminating the castor wheel, much to Edmond's dismay. However it has a much lower footprint and should have less friction in the field, and modeling the holes on the base was very easy. By now we should be over drilling holes onto our base.
</p> <br /> <br />

<p>
One of us managed to break a standoff attached onto the Uno Stack and had to get it replaced. Lesson learned, don't assemble the robot yourself, and if you have to then don't force screws through a hole!
</p> <br /> <br />