---
layout: post
title: Progress update for November 19
---

<p>
We did several things today as we looked into tape sensor placement. Yesterday Luis brought up ideas to fit the sensor base for the tape sensors by modifying the box that holds our motors. 

We also discussed again how many tape sensors we need. For final checkoff there is no other robot getting ammo so we don't have to use a tape sensor to detect whether ammo went into our funnel or not. That leaves us the option to use five sensors for tape sensing. Currently our tape sensor positions are one at the left, right, front center, and back center. We realize the back center tape sensor is redundant, because there isn't going to be extra information to convey that the front center sensor determines. The front center sensor determines whether the robot leaves or detects a line before the back sensor. While the robot may have to move backwards, the back sensor is towards the front of the robot, so we can't really track whether we detect a line from behind. Our alternative sensor placement, similar to that from someone we talked to, is two sensors at the left, two at the right, which we decided to go for.

We started programming the HSM after setting up the skeleton code for the top two levels. Luis was having problems at first trying to initialize our bump sensor modules. It turns out that calling it in our main function does nothing, but calling it in the init function of the HSM worked! We managed to get our FSM to respond to bump events.

Jake reports he finished the perfboard for the track wire sensors. Everything up to and including the peak detector works. However the comparator is not working well to produce a digital output signal. We are currently trying to debug it but it we can't figure it out we will just use digital hysteresis to filter the track wire output.

We finally talked to our tutor that who was suppose to oversee our team, Eric. It turns out we never got an email about our tutors and overheard that Eric was our tutor but he usually wasn't around. He said some very helpful things, in particular he told us our team progress is average, despite being behind on our mentor's schedule. For tape sensor securing, we can just pass the wires through a square shaped hole and then apply hot glue above and below the hole. Finally, we need to setup a meeting with one of our team members who has not been contributing as much on the project to help him catch up on where we are and what needs to be done.

At 8 PM we did some MDF and acrylic laser cutting to cut a base for two of our perfboards and some more wheel mount caps. Our biggest priorities now is to mount the tape sensors, the perfboards, and shorten the wires on our perfboards. We will meet up to determine availability during Thanksgiving.



</p> 